README.md, before:

WiserTogether Backbone Test
===========================

This is a skeleton app based on backbone.js designed for you to demonstrate your
skills in writing Javascript-based features and templates. The application is
structured so that it will deliver a static set of information about a health
condition. Follow the instructions below to complete the test and submit your 
work.

Setting Up
==========
If you have cloned this repository, then you are pretty much good to go. Open the
index.html file in your favorite development browser and you should see a screen
that says "Test Application" and "Welcome to the WiserTogether test Backbone
Application". If you see this, then everything is working properly as it stands.

The Test
========
This is a simple test. A model has been created in the apps/test/models.js file
called ``TestApp.Models.Condition``. This model has ``fetch`` and ``save`` methods
on it. When fetching, it will deliver the content outlined in the data structure.
The data structure is a JSON object describing treatments for the "Aneurysm" 
condition (a health condition having to do with the heart).

Your goal is to accomplish the following:

1. Convert the existing namespaced Javascript to [javascript modules](https://github.com/amdjs/amdjs-api/wiki/AMD)
   using the async script loader of your choice. We have included [require.js](http://requirejs.org/docs/start.html) 
   and [the requirejs handlebars plugin](https://github.com/SlexAxton/require-handlebars-plugin) 
   in the repository for your convenience, but feel free to use an alternate 
   async loader if you prefer.
2. Create a link on the first page of the app that brings the user to the 
    Aneurysm page
    * This page should be bookmarkable with a hash-based URL (``#/slug/``)
    * The browser Back button should work to move between this page and the
    main page
3. Create a Template to render the Aneurysm content
    * Be sure this Template utilizes data supplied by the Condition model
4. Create a View to render the Aneurysm content
    * The View needs to fetch data from the Condition model
    * The View needs to render the Template you have created

Once you have a working link and Aneurysm page displaying, do one more thing:

**Do something interesting to make your demo a little bit better.**

Submitting Your Results
=======================
Submit your results by emailing us a patchset created via the git format-patch
command.

Email your patchset to: tech-jobs@wisertogether.com

Commit message:

update readme to mention documentation

README.md, after:

WiserTogether Backbone Test
===========================

This is a skeleton app based on backbone.js designed for you to demonstrate your
skills in writing Javascript-based features and templates. The application is
structured so that it will deliver a static set of information about a health
condition. Follow the instructions below to complete the test and submit your 
work.

Setting Up
==========
If you have cloned this repository, then you are pretty much good to go. Open the
index.html file in your favorite development browser and you should see a screen
that says "Test Application" and "Welcome to the WiserTogether test Backbone
Application". If you see this, then everything is working properly as it stands.

The Test
========
This is a simple test. A model has been created in the apps/test/models.js file
called ``TestApp.Models.Condition``. This model has ``fetch`` and ``save`` methods
on it. When fetching, it will deliver the content outlined in the data structure.
The data structure is a JSON object describing treatments for the "Aneurysm" 
condition (a health condition having to do with the heart).

Your goal is to accomplish the following:

1. Convert the existing namespaced Javascript to [javascript modules](https://github.com/amdjs/amdjs-api/wiki/AMD)
   using the async script loader of your choice. We have included [require.js](http://requirejs.org/docs/start.html) 
   and [the requirejs handlebars plugin](https://github.com/SlexAxton/require-handlebars-plugin) 
   in the repository for your convenience, but feel free to use an alternate 
   async loader if you prefer.
2. Create a link on the first page of the app that brings the user to the 
    Aneurysm page
    * This page should be bookmarkable with a hash-based URL (``#/slug/``)
    * The browser Back button should work to move between this page and the
    main page
3. Create a Template to render the Aneurysm content
    * Be sure this Template utilizes data supplied by the Condition model
4. Create a View to render the Aneurysm content
    * The View needs to fetch data from the Condition model
    * The View needs to render the Template you have created

Once you have a working link and Aneurysm page displaying, do two more things:

1. Do something interesting to make your demo a little bit better.
2. Update this file (the README.md) with an explanation of what you did, what
   you think the next steps are, and anything else you think we might find useful.
   In particular, if any instructions are necessary to see your changes in action, you
   should include them.

Submitting Your Results
=======================
Submit your results by emailing us a patchset created via the git format-patch
command. Please do NOT submit a pull request, as it will spoil the fun for others!

Email your patchset to: tech-jobs@wisertogether.com
